Male macho male loose
to the air with a female
the morning for that the little dove talking
so you will see how they bring it
look how we bring it are bumping the
Dove giving here
chuchi
yes
they released maspalomas arrives at these drop
more for the four is lucky kind of
six has three loose and nine without
But the little girl alone goes to
look for it
so it 's up tree
but outside the town because it's up
now it's up is up the pole
very well
Gentlemen excuse that you do not see much
we are dug and the distance is great
palomita number this is a country
to that word the intention that of
Indiana
but it is for a
it's good the palomita is good
speaking goes home and let's see if
the pigeon does not arrive because the stick
myth that was loose with others
animals
let's look
now he goes out with the caught a hawk
gentleman
in the cable if to be welcomed without shelter
roll was thrown that to vilar
he took something so stable with something and if the
you have if you have it if you have it
this is not going to change me because according to a
threw
it took away that there had to be some legs
txutxi what was it that happened member of
step was what happens when you have
Dove and I was flying was saying
dance but there's nothing what happened was
that I'm changing with a pigeon and
there are seven and eight and the hawk goes from
palomita you 're stealing me is distracted
and when you are watching this happens no
there are other gavilanes misfortunes more
quick that pigeons and went on camera
it was not that I was captured
I do not suffer